Once you have logged into the
ADAPT authoring tool dashboard,
select the green button labeled
add new course located at the top
left of the screen in the sidebar.
In the editor pane,
in the field labeled title,
enter a course title.
Select the green button labeled
save located at the top left
of the screen in the sidebar.
When you select the save button,
Adapt will automatically add
a page to the course build and
take you back to the dashboard.